Restructured 11 faults (#1588)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/technical-reference/chaos-faults/aws/lambda-delete-event-source-mapping.md

id: lambda-delete-event-source-mapping
title: Lambda delete event source mapping
---
## Introduction

Lambda delete event source mapping removes the event source mapping from an AWS Lambda function for a specific duration. Deleting an event source mapping from a Lambda function is critical. It can lead to failure in updating the database on an event trigger, which can break the service. 

![Lambda Delete Event Source Mapping](./static/images/lambda-delete-event-source-mapping.png)

## Use cases
Lambda delete event source mapping:
- Determines the performance of the application (or service) without the event source mapping that may cause missing entries in a database.
- Determines whether proper error handling or auto-recovery options have been configured for the application.

:::info note
- Kubernetes version 1.17 or later is required to execute this fault.

> - AWS Lambda event source mapping should be healthy and attached to the Lambda function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AWS Lambda event source mapping must be healthy and attached to the Lambda function.
```

> - Kubernetes secret should have the AWS access configuration(key) in the `CHAOS_NAMESPACE`. A secret file looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kubernetes secret must have the AWS access configuration(key) in the `CHAOS_NAMESPACE`. A secret file looks like this:
```

  ```yaml
  apiVersion: v1
  kind: Secret
  metadata:
    name: cloud-secret
  type: Opaque
  stringData:
    cloud_config.yml: |-
      # Add the cloud AWS credentials respectively
      [default]
      aws_access_key_id = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
      aws_secret_access_key = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
  ```

> - We recommended you use the same secret name, that is, `cloud-secret`. Otherwise, you will need to update the `AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE` environment variable in the fault template and you won't be able to use the default health check probes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Harness recommends you use the same secret name, that is, `cloud-secret`. Otherwise, you must update the `AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE` environment variable in the fault template, and you won't be able to use the default health check probes. 
```
